<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                template="/masterLayout2.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="title">
        <h:outputText value="JSF scopes and navigation"/>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
        <strong>Application name: c2_s3_v3.3_1</strong>
        <hr/>Programmatic conditional navigation<hr/>

        <h3>FIRE A JSF GET REQUEST. PROVIDE THE NAVIGATION OUTCOME VIA A SERVER-SIDE METHOD CALLED DURING COMPUTING THE VIEW ID (AT RENDERING TIME)</h3>
        <h4>JSF will interpret the <code>outcome</code> value of <code>&lt;h:link/&gt;/&lt;h:button/&gt;</code> as the targeted page name (<code>done</code> returned by <code>theActionWithDoneOutcome()</code> becomes <code>success.xhtml/failure.xhtml</code> via conditional navigation)</h4>
        <code>&lt;h:link value="Click me! (h:link)" outcome="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/&gt;</code><br/>
        <h:link value="Click me! (h:link)" outcome="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/><br/>
        <code>&lt;h:button value="Click me! (h:button)" outcome="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/&gt;</code><br/>
        <h:button value="Click me! (h:button)" outcome="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/><br/>
        <span style="color:red; font-size:9px;">Fires a JSF GET request</span>
        <hr/>

        <h3>FIRE (SUBMIT) A POST REQUEST VIA FORWARD MECHANISM. INVOKE AN ACTION METHOD AND NAVIGATE TO THE VIEW ID COMPUTED BASED ON THE OUTCOME RETURNED BY THIS METHOD</h3>
        <h4>The <code>action</code> can point to an action method that returns a <code>String</code>. This string is considered the outcome and it will be interpreted as the targeted page name.</h4>
        <h:form>
            <h5>theActionWithDoneOutcome() &#8594; success.xhtml/failure.xhtml</h5>
            <code>&lt;h:commandLink value="Click Me! (h:commandLink)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/&gt;</code><br/>
            <h:commandLink value="Click Me! (h:commandLink)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/><br/>
            <code>&lt;h:commandButton value="Click Me! (h:commandButton)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/&gt;</code><br/>
            <h:commandButton value="Click Me! (h:commandButton)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcome()}"/>
        </h:form>
        <span style="color:red; font-size:9px;">Fires a JSF POST forward (submit form)</span>
        <hr/>

        <h3>FIRE (SUBMIT) A POST REQUEST VIA REDIRECT MECHANISM. INVOKE AN ACTION METHOD AND NAVIGATE TO THE VIEW ID COMPUTED BASED ON THE OUTCOME RETURNED BY THIS METHOD</h3>
        <h4>The <code>action</code> can point to an action method that returns a <code>String</code>. This string is considered the outcome and it will be interpreted as the targeted page name.The presence of <code>?faces-redirect=true</code> will instruct JSF to rely on POST-redirect-GET (PRG) navigation pattern.</h4>
        <h:form>
            <h5>theActionWithDoneOutcome() &#8594; success.xhtml/failure.xhtml</h5>
            <code>&lt;h:commandLink value="Click Me! (h:commandLink)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcomeAndRedirect()}"/&gt;</code><br/>
            <h:commandLink value="Click Me! (h:commandLink)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcomeAndRedirect()}"/><br/>
            <code>&lt;h:commandButton value="Click Me! (h:commandButton)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcomeAndRedirect()}"/&gt;</code><br/>
            <h:commandButton value="Click Me! (h:commandButton)" action="#{theBean2.theActionWithDoneOutcomeAndRedirect()}"/>
        </h:form>
        <span style="color:red; font-size:9px;">Fires a JSF POST forward (submit form)</span>
        <hr/>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>